hmm do you feel how strong their sexual
tension is between us with each other
and just dancing around the subject all
weekend I'm just I'm afraid that we're
so obvious somebody's going to notice
okay I don't know what to say
I know I didn't come here to wreck a
family okay all right I'm I'm sorry okay
if I've done anything to mislead you at
all but I want to tell you that I don't
feel that way about you okay at all
all right
all right Angela Angela you're lying
because you're ashamed of yourself
because you have passionate feelings for
an eighth grade you couldn't take your
eyes off of a hole in one of your
floaties you don't swim very well I was
worried that's why I was looking you've
got there with your sunglasses on your
mesmerized by me I'm sure it just
probably looked like I was okay I was
sure no does it look like I'm looking at
you now
yes nope you couldn't be looking at you
less you see that selection
- because this thing only happens to
really pretty girls in movies oh no it
does hand Angela come on you're very
beautiful young lady someone else yes to
someone else okay all right
sweet dreams how did you know that oh my
gosh sweet dreams
that is my favorite movie it's the Patsy
Cline story starring Jessica Wayne I've
seen at 32 times I just think that it's
incredible that you know probably not a
good idea to read into it I was just
saying good night I know in my heart
that we were meant to be together and I
think you know it too I think on the
count of three we should say our
favorite TV show okay one two three
Barney Miller
- three listen I was young to know that
Joe is unconscionable and completely
irrational right we are not in love with
me okay you are not in love with what
you're feeling is a young girl crush
okay and it will pass all right yes it
may not feel like that right now
I promise you we are not soul mates do
you understand I don't want to hear any
more on this subject
all right what's your favorite smell
[Applause]